doc: Merges CLOUDP-274025 docs & examples branch - DONT MERGE YET (#3079)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/migrate_cluster_to_advanced_cluster/README.md

> # How to Transition from `mongodbatlas_cluster` to `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`

Reviewer: @themantissa good call on adding a main `README.md` file, done here.

Reviewer 2: Really nice intro now.  ty!

> This directory contains examples demonstrating how to transition from `mongodbatlas_cluster` to `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` using the `moved block`. For more details, please refer to the [Migration Guide: Cluster to Advanced Cluster](TODO-LINK-HERE).

Reviewer: @lantoli can you help me set up the migration guide link here? I was not sure what is the TF standard so figured you might be faster on this

Author: @oarbusi did it, thanks!

> This directory contains examples demonstrating how to transition from `mongodbatlas_cluster` to `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` using the `moved block`. For more details, please refer to the [Migration Guide: Cluster to Advanced Cluster](TODO-LINK-HERE).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This directory contains examples demonstrating how to transition from `mongodbatlas_cluster` to `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` using the `moved block`. For more details, please refer to the [Migration Guide: Cluster to Advanced Cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide).
```
